♪ Well, I know this little
chapel on the boulevard ♪
♪ We can go ♪
♪ Go ♪
♪ No one will know ♪
♪ Know ♪
♪ Oh, come on, girl... ♪
100. Oh!
The perfect number of guests
for what will no doubt be
the perfect wedding.
Yay. Ooh, although we do have
one outstanding invite.
I didn't get an RSVP
from Mr. Dexter's father yet.
Surely that's an oversight.
I'll speak to Dex about it
when he arrives.
Perfect.
The wait is over.
He's here.
Perfect timing, as always.
I aim to please.
Hold on a minute.
Are you planning
some sort of party here?
I certainly hope I'm invited.
Try guest of honor.
Although you do have to share
top billing with me.
Um...
we have not gotten
an RSVP from Samir.
Your father is coming,
isn't he?
Well, I wouldn't bet on it.
We kind of had a falling out
a few years back.
What do you mean?
Let's just say, when I chose
to leave the family business
to start my own hedge fund,
it didn't go over so well.
I'm so sorry.
I had no idea.
Why haven't you
mentioned this before?
Sort of a sore subject,
I guess.
But, you know what,
if he doesn't want to be here
for our special day,
that's on him.
Because tomorrow is about us.
So, if we choose you
to be our surrogate,
is there anything else
that we should know now?
No, that's it.
Except no weekend birth.
I've got a life, you know.
(clears throat)
Thank you for coming,
and we'll let the service know
if we want to move forward.
Oh, my God.
I mean, she's the 15th woman
we've seen this morning,
and she's supposed to be
the best?
Now I know how
The Bachelor feels.
I just didn't think
this would be so exhausting.
Liam, I'm sorry.
I know these past few weeks
have been brutal for you.
And to be honest,
after your mom died,
I wasn't sure if you wanted
to go through with it.
Of course I do.
I mean, yeah, my mom dying
was rough, but, Fallon,
our relationship died
long before that.
You know, it's been a while
since my dad passed,
and I barely speak to my sister.
I want to start a new family.
Okay? With you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So, come on, we can do this.
Okay.
(door opens)
Hi.
Hi. Um... Stacey, is it?
Yes. Stacey Moore, as in
I always want more carbs.
(chuckles)
But with two Os.
By the way, I love your dog.
Okay, you know what, Stacey,
let's just save ourselves
some time
and skip right to
your list of demands.
My demands?
Yeah.
No, I'm here for you.
I'm single,
with a 14-year-old son
who is away at boarding school.
I know, how could someone
so youthful looking
have a 14-year-old?
Well, let's just say
I enjoyed my freshman year
at Brown
a little bit too much.
But needing to provide for him
just made me work harder,
and I went on to get my PhD
in paleontology,
and now I'm an adviser
at the Natural History Museum.
Anything else?
Yeah. No, no, no.
I mean, um, thank you.
I'm sorry, was that too much?
No.
No, no.
No, we, uh, we've just met
a lot of women today
who weren't, uh,
well... like you.
Like you.
Look, uh, you can read all
my medical info in the bio,
but I want you to know that
this isn't just about me;
it's a partnership.
And I will do whatever it
takes to make you comfortable.
Oh, except give up my heels.
The Manolos stay on
until my water breaks.
I hope that's okay.
ADAM:
Hello? Bridget Jones?
I need to talk to you
right now.
(knocking continuously)
Something the matter?
I just read my chief of staff
exit paperwork.
Congratulations, you're
at year-nine reading level.
Enjoy the day.
I'm not signing.
A 20% pay cut? Restricted
access to hospital records?
Uh, y-you got to
be kidding me.
No, I'm quite serious.
And if you don't sign it soon,
I will have your hospital
credentials revoked entirely.
So, if you'll excuse me...
No, hey, I'm not finished.
Yes, you are.
Bye-bye now.
Do you think he knew
I was in here?
I doubt it. He's too
focused on himself, as usual.
I can't believe I have
to sit next to him
at Alexis's wedding tomorrow.
Well, I could come with you,
you know, as your plus-one.
Well, Alexis is gonna
lose her mind
when she finds out
we're seeing each other,
so I don't think it's
an ideal wedding gift.
Hmm, yeah, that would be
more a gift for me, wouldn't it?
Mm.
Maybe it's time to start
telling people we're a couple.
Not yet.
Please? I just--
I'm really enjoying
what we have.
Once everyone knows, just,
people will undoubtedly
make things unpleasant for us.
And by people,
I mean Alexis and Adam.
I get that.
What if I come with you
to London next week?
We don't have to hide there.
I'm, like, only going
to get my visa renewed.
It's not like a vacation.
I'm staying in an airport hotel.
You're a Carrington.
I think that goes against
the family code of honor
or something.
Well, what can I say?
I'm just saving all my
five-star accommodations
for a trip
with my new girlfriend.
Oh, my God.
BLAKE:
How's the, um,
surrogate search going?
We found a great candidate
this morning.
After a standard CIA, FBI
and Twitter background check,
I'm hoping we can
make a deal.
Well, I am glad to hear it.
Hey, speaking of new deals,
I just read that
Tempo Universal Streaming
is gonna be acquired
by BlueStar.
I thought you wanted
to buy them.
I did.
I mean, I do.
I submitted a bid.
One which I thought
was accepted.
And so it begins.
Excuse me?
And so what begins?
The adjustment.
You're starting a family.
And so it's shifted
your focus
and left you a
little bit, um,
preoccupied.
I'm sorry.
Are you saying I dropped
the ball on this?
Happens all the time
with women in business
when they start a family.
They miss a few meetings,
forget to return calls.
They lose their edge.
Seen it a million times.
Thank you for
that condescendingly sexist
assessment, but as usual,
you couldn't be more wrong.
If you say so.
I know so.
I'm gonna show everyone
that I can start a family,
remain a force in business,
and that Fallon Carrington
is still full of...
...edge.
You know what I mean.
Move.
Who puts champagne
on their wedding registry?
Oh, honey, this is
the same woman that registered
at Aston Martin
when she married Jeff.
I have to get her something.
Having been married
to Alexis, might I suggest
noise-canceling headphones
for Dex?
(chuckles)
Mm. Good morning.
Jeanette brought
this box out for you.
It was delivered
this morning.
This must be my vintage
model airplane
I bought at auction.
I thought it might look good
on my desk at the office.
What the hell?
I think you may have
overpaid.
Blake, I'm so sorry.
It must have broken
during shipping.
This isn't a model airplane.
This is the Carrington
family crest.
Didn't that go missing
months ago from the compound?
Yeah.
Now it's been destroyed.
Somebody ripped it apart,
set fire to it.
Who would do something
like that?
Someone who's declaring war
on this family.
♪ ♪
Bruce, so good to see you.
Here. Sit, sit, sit.
You like your whiskey neat,
right?
Listen...
So I heard a nasty rumor
that you are planning on selling
Tempo Universal Streaming
to BlueStar, but then
I thought to myself,
that can't be true because
we had a handshake deal, right?
Well, we had
a tentative deal, yes,
but the landscape has changed
since...
Yeah, no, don't I know it.
It's just that I promised
my board
that I would shore up our
South American music footprint.
And buying Tempo Universal was
a big part of that, Bruce.
I understand that, it's just...
Just imagine how foolish
I would feel
if I had to go back to them and
tell them that the deal was off.
Fallon, they came in
with a higher offer.
I tried to reach you
for a counter,
but you didn't return
my calls.
Well, you certainly have
my attention now,
and I can afford to up my offer,
so how much are we talking?
They offered to pay $50 million
more than Fallon Unlimited.
Okay, well, I can't afford that.
I mean, my board barely approved
the initial 100.
Fallon, I'm sorry.
I hope you understand
it's, it's just business.
MICHAEL:
Thank you very much.
Michael.
Just the person I wanted to see.
(sighs)
I need a favor.
Four words that send
a shiver down my spine.
Hush now. The deadline
for portfolio submissions
at NordicStar is in two days,
but I feel mine is still lacking
some je ne sais quoi.
How about you je ne sais
what you need from me?
I want to include
my celebrity looks
as part of a digital section.
The wardrobe I designed
for Janelle Crowley
in the movie would be perfect.
All I need is some footage.
Ooh, no can do.
Nina won't release
any footage
until she finishes
her rough cut.
When will that be?
Not for a few more weeks.
But I don't have
a few more weeks.
Surely she'll make
an exception for me.
You don't know Nina
like I do.
Making exceptions is not
the way she rolls.
But maybe I could get you
some of the still photos
that we took on set.
I already have those.
Michael, I am going up against
hundreds of other submissions.
I need mine to stand out.
I really wish
I could help you,
but you're gonna have to
make do with what you have.
I'm sure it's great.
Samir, thank you for coming.
I would have invited
you to the penthouse,
but Dex is there,
and, well, I thought it best
that we speak in private.
Yes, probably for the best.
Um, the thing is,
family is so
important to Dex.
I know how much
it would mean to him
to have his father
at the wedding.
I'm sure it would, but
under the circumstances
I don't think that's
the best idea.
It pains me to think that
just because Dex chose
his own path in business,
that you would
stay angry with him.
I think you must be confused.
I have no problem
with my son's success.
It is you I take issue with.
Me?!
Yes.
You create a firestorm
of drama and chaos
wherever you go.
I assume that's why
you invited me here,
to explain away some of your
abhorrent behavior in the past.
I assure you I have no idea
to what you are referring.
Alexis, please.
Blake and I go back decades.
I've heard the horror stories
of what you did to him
during your marriage
and divorce.
Obviously things can
get a bit contentious
during a divorce,
and I also assure you
that whatever Blake said
was an exaggeration.
You set fire to his Monet.
Who knew oil paintings
were so flammable?
(chuckles)
You threw his exotic fish
collection in the pool.
Their bowl was dirty.
You untethered his yacht
and let it drift out to sea.
That is not true.
I would never harm
the Carrington Cruiser.
I christened her myself.
(sighs) Alexis, you have
no tact, no decorum.
I don't want my son subjected
to a life full of insanity.
Samir, that's not who I am.
Come to the wedding,
see for yourself.
I love Dex.
I want to make him happy,
and I know you do, too.
So for his sake, please
give me a chance
to prove myself.
I just got off the phone
with Winston
at the Carrington compound.
He confirmed the crest has
been missing for months.
Long-term grudges
are so exhausting.
Who has the time?
Clearly someone
with a vicious vendetta
against this family;
the question is who?
CRISTAL:
Beto's in Mexico.
BLAKE:
Apparently, Nikolai Dimitrov
has been in mourning
since his pet parrot
was killed.
Jeff relocated Chief Stansfield
to the Bahamas
and took his passport.
BLAKE:
Moldavian kings,
they don't send
warnings first.
Melissa Daniels is in the middle
of her third divorce.
Who's Ted Dinard?
Some bozo I tried to pay off
to stop seeing Steven.
CRISTAL:
Caleb moved to a parish
in Sicily.
Evan Tate is still behind bars.
Senator North
doesn't have the spine
to mess with me again.
CRISTAL:
Where does that leave us?
I'm afraid,
right where we started.
No possible suspects.
Or are we?
There's one person
we haven't thought of.
Yes, I understand.
Ms. Carrington's suite
at the Savoy London
has been confirmed.
I'll pass along the message.
Thank you.
Is Fallon going to London?
Oh, no, that was for Amanda.
Wait, Amanda booked a suite
at the Savoy?
Mm-hmm.
That's exciting.
Dare I ask why that's
particularly exciting to you?
Well, it sounds like she's
planning a great trip,
and maybe that trip involves
someone special in her life.
Or maybe she's planning
on hooking up with someone.
Lord knows she prattles on
about that ex of hers.
Uh... what's her name?
Fanny, Frieda...
It's Florence.
Whatever.
Sounds like they've
rekindled things.
Oh, I highly doubt that.
No, I have a feeling
there's someone else
very special in her life. Hmm.
How was that?
That was great, Dina.
Okay.
I just forgot
to take Kirby's
unwavering self-confidence
into account.
Blake Carrington,
we need to talk.
Really?
Because last time you were here,
you vowed revenge on my life.
Yes, well,
things have changed.
I need your help,
and revenge has to take
second position.
Samir Dexter hates me
because of the horrible things
you said about me
during our divorce.
I need you to tell him they were
lies of a heartbroken man.
One problem with that:
they were all true.
They were not. I never sent
the Carrington Cruiser adrift.
Sure you did,
during Hurricane Floyd,
I might add.
The wreckage washed up on shore
in Wilmington?
That does sound
vaguely familiar.
Nice talk.
Are we finished here?
Not quite.
I need you to come
to the wedding.
You and Samir are good friends.
If you're there, you can get him
to change his mind about me.
Not interested.
Blake, please.
I want to start my marriage off
on the right foot.
This may come as a surprise
to you,
but your happy marriage,
not high
on my priorities list.
Think of it this way.
If I'm happily married,
the less time I will have
to ruin your life.
Okay, Cristal and I will come.
Mm-hmm.
On one condition.
You start shipping all your
Alexam product through PPA.
Only you could find a way
to profit off of my wedding.
Deal. But I expect results.
I am so desperate.
Bruce Fontaine just pulled
the deal on Tempo Universal,
and now the board
won't approve more money
so that I can up my offer.
So I'm guessing we're not
going for coffee?
And as if the day
couldn't get any worse,
I ran into Pepper Channing
at lunch,
who was shocked to hear
that the surrogacy service
didn't have us meet
with Tiffany.
I'm sure I'm gonna hate myself
for this,
but who's Tiffany?
Tiffany is the A-list surrogate
in Atlanta right now.
Apparently her uterine wall is
stronger than titanium.
Okay, well, maybe
she wasn't available.
No.
That's not it at all.
I called the service,
and apparently they didn't
send us her bio
because they felt
it wasn't a match.
Which I'm not buying.
This is exactly
like Bruce Fontaine.
They are trying to screw us.
I don't think it's exactly
like Bruce Fontaine.
They picked the wrong day
to mess with Fallon Carrington.
Because I'm gonna make sure
that we get Tiffany
as our surrogate
if it's the last thing
that I do.
Okay, if you want to
use Tiffany, that's fine.
But maybe we should
meet her first?
Yeah, you're right.
I mean, I would like
to hear more about
her freakishly strong uterus.
We'll set a meeting, okay?
Any night but Thursday.
I have dinner with my agent
to talk about a new book deal.
Now, he thinks I can get...
Liam, you're a genius.
Yes, an agent is
exactly what I need
to get Tempo Universal back.
So we're back to you now.
Got it.
Hello.
Wow, beautiful.
I love Juliet roses.
These just came for Amanda.
CRISTAL:
Oh, I wonder who
the secret admirer is.
KIRBY:
Let's find out.
"Can't wait to see you
in London. XOXO"
Oh, the admirer remains
a secret.
I should let Amanda know
that these arrived.
Honestly, Dom,
you have a lot
of solid designs here
to choose from.
Solid might not be enough.
I need to somehow
get my portfolio
on the top of the stack
at NordicStar.
NordicStar Airlines?
I didn't know all this
was for them.
You're familiar
with the company?
Since we launched PPA,
I've made it my business
to know the marketplace.
You know Samir Dexter sits
on the board over there.
Dexter? As in Dex Dexter?
Samir's his father.
What do you know about him?
Not much.
He and Blake go way back.
Apparently he's
pretty old-school.
Are we talking
chivalrous old-school
or boys' club kind of thing?
Sadly, the latter.
Loves a damsel in distress.
I'm sure he'll be
at the wedding tomorrow,
which I now have to attend
with Blake.
I'm happy to put in
a good word.
Thanks.
I'll let you know
if I need any help.
KIRBY:
Amanda.
Big bouquet of flowers
just arrived for you.
Oh, lovely. From who?
Good question.
The card says "Can't wait
to see you in London, XOXO."
Any chance you've rekindled
with your ex-girlfriend Florence
and forgot to tell
your current girlfriend Kirby?
Okay, no, I haven't rekindled
anything with Florence.
Will you lower your voice?
Florence and I haven't
spoken in months.
I have no idea why
she'd send flowers.
Maybe 'cause you told her
you were going to London
and wanted to have
a romantic getaway
at a posh hotel.
I called the Savoy myself
and confirmed
your reservation.
Okay, I never made
that reservation.
I swear. Look, if Florence
even knew I was coming,
I highly doubt she'd want
to get back together.
Now I know why
you were so intent
on keeping our relationship
a secret.
Wouldn't want your real
girlfriend to find out, right?
Okay, Kirby, this is
a misunderstanding.
Save it.
Have fun at the wedding.
Guess the lying apple doesn't
fall far from the lying tree.
Kirby. Kirby!
Sam?
Claudia.
Hey.
I called your parole officer.
She told me you're
a corrections counselor now?
Yeah.
(chuckles)
I got to say I didn't
see that coming.
Yeah, me neither. It's funny
how life can change, huh?
Yeah.
Well, enjoy the freedom
while it lasts,
because I'm pretty sure
sending threatening packages
to the Carringtons
violates your parole.
Whoa, what are you
talking about?
I would never do anything
crazy like that.
Oh, but you, you would throw a
porcelain doll off a rooftop,
knowing everyone thought
it was an actual baby?
Okay, that was a different me.
No, no, I've been working really
hard on my life, making amends.
I mean, even trying to get
visitation rights back
with my son.
So you're not out to destroy
the Carringtons, then?
No, absolutely not.
I mean, in fact,
I'm, I'm grateful for them.
Sending me to this
correction facility
was the best thing
that ever happened to me.
By the way, how's everyone?
They're good, I guess.
Yeah?
Yeah. They're all getting ready
for Alexis's wedding tomorrow.
Oh, that's wonderful news.
How nice.
All right, well, I, um... should
probably get back to work.
Yeah.
It was nice to see you.
Mm-hmm.
(car door opens, closes)
(engine revs)
Hey, it's me.
Well, it looks like
the Carringtons are all gonna be
in one place tomorrow.
I'm gonna need your help.
(smooth jazz playing)
BOTH:
Thank you for coming.
(laughing)
Pop. What are you doing here?
I believe
I was invited.
But if I received my invitation
by mistake, please let me know.
No. Of course not.
It's just, um, I...
Don't worry.
I know why
your father didn't want to come.
You do?
Yes, and I love you for trying
to protect my feelings.
But Samir and I
talked it out,
and everything is fine now.
(elevator bell dings)
Isn't that right, Samir?
I'm here
for my son's wedding.
BLAKE:
Samir!
Blake Carrington.
Great to see you.
This is my wife Cristal.
Nice to meet you.
ALEXIS:
Blake?
Just remember,
tell him everything you said
about me back then was a lie.
And, no, it doesn't matter
that it was true.
Honesty is a luxury
I can't afford right now.
Your future father-in-law
is a smart man.
If I start talking
about how great you are
on your wedding day,
he's gonna know something's up.
I need to be subtle.
I don't care how you do it.
Get him to change his attitude
about me,
or Alexam won't be shipping
one ounce of face cream
through your airport.
Florence, it's Amanda.
Um, look, I don't know
how you found out
I was coming to London,
and I don't know why
you sent me flowers,
but, uh, it needs to stop, okay?
It's causing some serious
problems in my life.
And just to be clear, uh,
we will not be seeing each other
when I'm home, okay?
Goodbye.
You seem upset.
(sighs)
Is there anything I can do?
Hors d'oeuvre?
Yeah, you can take
your little canapé and go away.
Now, now, we don't want
to let that cloudy attitude
rain on Mother's
big day, do we?
Luckily, I have
some very exciting news
that will turn
that frown upside down.
Somehow I doubt that.
I returned
the signed exit paperwork
like you asked.
I have so many other exciting
things going on in life.
Chief of staff was a burden.
Okay, are we done now? Because
I could really use a drink.
Whatever you have going on
in life,
I'm sure it'll turn around soon.
Or not.
I really don't care.
What the hell is "FDAC"?
I think
those are their initials.
Oh, these'll be
collector's items
once they get divorced.
Well, what'd you find out?
Someone else must have sent you
that mangled Carrington crest.
I don't think it was Claudia.
Why not?
She's turned
her life around.
She was helping inmates
pick up trash.
That's turning
your life around?
And you're sure
it wasn't an act?
Yes, I am sure.
I even called the mental health
facility she had been at,
and they told me she was doing
really great when she left.
CRISTAL:
What about doctor-patient
confidentiality?
BLAKE:
Claudia's doctor's
ethical breach is not really
our main concern right now.
If this really is a...
another dead end,
we need to figure out who else
could be threatening us.
Maybe it's a harmless stranger
who just
doesn't like the Carringtons.
Yeah, I think she may be right.
I mean, whoever sent the crest
didn't even ask for anything.
BLAKE:
So, what, I'm just supposed
to forget about this?
For now? Yes.
Hello, Blake.
It's good to see you again.
I knew it.
I can't believe
that I almost let this go.
her therapist lied to me.
I...
Claudia, wait!
I have something for the bride.
I... I'm confused.
Uh, I-I wanted
to give a gift to Alexis
(chuckles)
and wish her good luck.
And since I knew
that you all would be here,
I... (sighs)
I came to make amends
and apologize.
It's a mug?
I-I learned
to make them in prison pottery.
Would you make sure
that Alexis gets it for me?
Sure.
Thank you.
Well, it was great
to see you all.
Bye.
Now might be a little tough.
I'm sort of
at my mother's wedding,
and I think she might
be offended if I missed it.
Or she'll kill you.
Hey, um, ask her
if she can meet me in the lobby
of The Solitaire in 30 minutes.
Great.
Thank you, Jim.
And
Jim is?
Jim is a music agent.
He reps a lot of big pop stars,
including Frankie Chase,
who should be here soon.
So I might need you
to cover for me
in case the ceremony runs long.
No, I'm not gonna cover for you.
Are you crazy?
Of course she is.
She's my daughter.
And my matron of honor.
Okay, don't forget the rings.
The ceremony is about
to start soon.
Oh, good. Yeah,
let's get it rolling. I mean,
you know, because
the sooner we get started,
the sooner
you can enjoy your honeymoon.
Why do I think
you have an agenda?
(elevator bell dings)
Excuse me.
I have to deal
with an uninvited guest.
What are you doing here?
I just need ten minutes
with the father of the groom.
It can either be before
or after the ceremony.
You won't even know I'm here.
You're right,
because you won't be.
I do not need anyone else
offending Samir.
And you are nothing
if not offensive.
I'm going to chalk your rudeness
up to wedding-day jitters.
I just need to chat
about NordicStar
and give him my portfolio.
No, you need to go.
If you want me to leave,
you'll have to make a scene
and throw me out,
which will ruin your wedding.
(groans) Fine.
But it is gauche to talk
business in public at a wedding,
especially mine.
Follow me.
Okay, wait in here,
and I'll go get
Samir for you.
What the hell are you doing?!
Making sure you can't get out!
Your phone won't work.
(groans)
But there's bottles of water
in the corner if you need it.
Don't touch the wine!
Got to run.
(strings playing
Pachelbel's "Canon")
They're playing my song.
And these two are
a wonderful example
of how love can show up
when you least expect it.
Love doesn't adhere
to a timetable.
It reminds me of
the first couple I ever married.
(Fallon clears throat)
But
that would be a story
for another day.
So, we have
gathered here to join
Farnsworth and Alexis
in the union of marriage.
It is not a contract
to be entered into lightly,
but seriously
and with great
responsibility.
So, do you, Farnsworth,
take Alexis
to be your wife?
Do you promise to love,
cherish and protect her
for as long
as you both shall live?
I sure do.
Do you, Alexis, take Farnsworth
to be your husband?
Do you promise to love,
cherish and protect him
for as long
as you both shall live?
You bet your ass I do.
(laughter)
You may exchange rings.
And now, by the power vested
in me in the state of Georgia,
I am honored
to declare you married.
You may seal the contract
with a kiss.
(elevator bell dings)
(cheering, applause)
Frankie?
Hi. Uh,
Fallon Carrington.
Nice to meet you.
I was actually just about
to come meet you downstairs.
The doorman told me
where I can find you,
and since I don't really like
to wait, here I am.
Okay, then, duly noted.
We can talk up here.
So, I'm not sure what your agent
has told you about all this.
He told me you have
an amazing deal to offer me,
which is the only reason I came.
I like to make money, so...
ALEXIS:
Oh, my gosh.
This is the most
exciting thing ever.
You bought a performance by
Frankie for my wedding gift!
(gasps)
Yes!
That's exactly
what's going on here.
As a matter of fact,
Frankie and I and, uh...
and those two are gonna go chat
about it in private,
so don't you follow us
and ruin the surprise.
Come with me.
Alexis, congratulations.
And welcome to the family.
Thank you, Samir.
You have no idea
how much that means to me.
Of course, once Blake explained
all that chaos
from when you two were married,
it made more sense.
Oh, so he told you
none of that was true?
This is what
I was talking about.
SAMIR:
Right. Of course.
Blake told me
that all those events took place
when you were going through
your, uh, alcoholic rage states.
Oh, really?
That's what Blake told you?
How thoughtful of him.
I am just thrilled,
for my son's sake
and yours as well, that
you have conquered your demons
and put your life back together.
As long as you don't,
uh, slide back
into old habits,
everything should be fine.
Oh, uh, what? This isn't mine.
No. I-I was holding it for
Cristal, Blake's wife. (laughs)
Guess there is just something
about being married to him
that makes people want
to dull the pain.
What are you doing in here?
Do you know there was
a chair blocking the door?
Yes, Fallon, I do.
I may use it to smash
over your mother's head.
Oh. (clears throat)
Please ignore whatever that was.
Where are we?
And can I leave now?
Um, not just yet.
Can I please explain?
You have three minutes.
Okay, good. I talk fast anyway.
So, I know you are
Tempo Universal
Streaming's biggest star.
And good for you, girlfriend,
but that's exactly why
I feel you should pull your
catalog from their platform.
Are you gonna lock me
in here if I say no?
My company, Fallon Unlimited--
we're starting our own
streaming music service,
and we would be happy
to pay you
a very big bonus if you would be
our first artist.
So, what do you think?
Do you need to check
with those guys outside?
Look, as much
I appreciate the offer,
I'm not interested
in switching things up.
My fans know where
to find me and my music, and
if it ain't broke,
don't fix it, right?
Mm. Wrong.
Because what if
it's making you broke?
Or at least less rich?
I mean, you said it yourself.
You like making money.
Right? So, what if you got
to keep your music
on Tempo Universal
but also make
lots more money?
So, you knew what was
going on with us?
Well, I knew
Amanda had feelings for you.
Well, she may have
feelings for me,
but she may also still
have feelings for her ex.
The judge that lives
in England?
That's the one.
She booked a romantic
hotel room for her trip
and lied to me about
where she was staying.
And then flowers showed up
at the manor with this card.
Okay, so you know
someone has feelings for Amanda.
But you don't know
that it's her ex.
It could be anyone
from her past life in London.
So we've now established that
she's planning on hooking up
with someone in London. Oh.
And if that wasn't bad enough,
the flowers were Juliet roses,
my favorite.
You have a favorite flower?
Seriously?
I was literally your girlfriend.
How could you not know that?
Yeah.
We're gonna add that to the list
of reasons that we broke up.
Boyfriends never listen,
do they?
(laughs)
Wait. Can I see that again?
I have to go.
FALLON:
Oh, I'll buy the company.
But for $25 million less
than I originally offered.
And that's me being generous.
You can think about it,
and we'll talk tomorrow.
I need
to enjoy my mother's wedding.
Cousin, why do I feel like
you were just playing someone?
I just bought
Tempo Universal Streaming
for $25 million less
than I initially offered, mainly
because pop superstar Frankie
just left the platform.
That doesn't exactly sound
like a win.
Oh, but it will be once
that extra $25 million
goes right back
to Frankie and convinces her
to return to the fold.
Only Fallon Carrington could
turn her mother's wedding
into an episode of Succession.
Oh, please.
This is real life.
That show's like a comic book.
So that explains
the good mood.
Well, that,
and Liam and I are meeting
with the best surrogate
in the state later tonight.
Not sure how they judge that,
but, uh,
congratulations, I guess?
Yeah.
(whoops)
Mr. Dexter? My name is
Dominique Deveraux.
You may have heard
of my clothing company
Dom-Mystique?
I actually haven't, so...
Well, you will soon.
I understand you're on the board
at NordicStar,
and I'm part
of the competition
to redesign
the company's uniforms.
I'd love for you to take a look
at what I've got.
Listen, dear,
I appreciate your passion,
but I have nothing to do
with uniform decisions.
I'm more of a financial adviser.
I understand,
but if you like what you see,
you could pass it on
to Val Gibson,
who heads the search committee.
I don't know Val.
And we live
in a merit-based society.
So if your work can't stand
on its own,
I'm afraid
you don't deserve the job.
But women like me
can always use some help
from men like you,
men with more experience.
That is true.
I do like helping
beautiful women.
And with your guidance and
knowledge, I'm sure you could...
Screw this.
I can't do it.
I'm not
some damsel tied
to the railroad tracks.
You know, men like you
from connected families
always think
that they got where they are
by talent alone.
If it was about talent,
I'd be running
the fashion world,
and you'd be my bookkeeper,
if you were lucky.
Excuse me?!
Samir, I am so sorry. (laughs)
Pay no attention to her.
She wasn't even invited.
She must have snuck in
looking for food.
You need to leave. Now.
Either by the elevator
or over the balcony.
(laughs) Didn't you already get
arrested for that once before?
I know you tried
to sabotage me with Samir.
Yes, on my wedding day,
the only thing I can think about
is your little book of costumes.
Let go! Alexis,
don't touch this! Alexis!
Let go of my... book!
(gasps)
(laughs)
Yeah. Okay, no, no, no.
Uh, I think this
party is over, Mom.
Let's get out of here.
Hmm.
Come on. Come on.
I should have known trash
like you never changes.
(gasps)
And now
my son has just made
the biggest mistake of his life.
Hopefully it won't take him
too long to realize it.
(sighs)
I just talked to Samir
on his way out.
(sighs)
If you're here to gloat,
I am not in the mood.
Hmm. For some reason,
neither am I.
I guess sometimes
I remember we're more similar
than I like to admit.
Hmm.
Escaping the past
isn't always easy,
but people do move on.
I would love to believe that,
but it seems
Samir is stuck in cement.
He is not moving on
from this ever.
I know Samir.
He'll come around.
Especially if he wants his son
in his life.
Thank you for being
so supportive.
It's a new look on you.
Consider it a wedding gift
since we didn't get you one.
(laughs)
But, hey, maybe next time
I ask for help,
don't tell people that I am
an alcoholic with rage issues.
Now-now you said,
do whatever it takes.
True.
Okay, send me
the PPA proposal tomorrow,
and I will take a look.
Oh, uh, Alexis.
Congratulations.
(car engine revving)
Where have you been?
I've been calling you all day.
Why didn't you answer?
Well, maybe...
(car door closes)
you called while I was trapped
in a panic room for hours.
Or maybe it was when
I was picking up
the scraps of both my portfolio
and my dignity
on the street in front
of Alexis's penthouse.
Should I be following this?
Because I-I don't...
I have worked my ass off
for months
to land this NordicStar gig.
And just because
I could not bring myself
to be the helpless woman,
my portfolio will probably
never get seen.
That is where you're wrong.
I figured out a way to get you
a boost: Janelle Crowley.
And hear me out.
I follow her on social media.
These celebs post
stuff nonstop.
It's actually kind of annoying,
because the...
The point, Michael?
(mutters)
Yes, the point. Okay.
So, Janelle's always getting
tons of free swag
in the hopes that she'll post it
to her 18 million followers.
So I called her, and she said
she would be more than happy
to post photos of herself
in your wardrobe design
from the movie.
You're kidding.
That's amazing.
Plus, she tagged you
and NordicStar.
So there's no way
you won't get noticed now.
That's one of the nicest things
anyone has ever done for me.
Yeah, you know,
Janelle's not so bad,
especially for an actress,
'cause they're really...
I mean you.
Thank you, Michael.
(laughing):
Okay.
(chuckles)
You know, this is not what
I pictured when you told me
you were trapped
in a panic room for 24 hours.
Well, I just wanted to talk
in private for a moment.
Not everybody out there
needs to know our business.
Well, which business
are we talking?
Streaming or surrogacy?
Streaming is taken care of,
so it's time to talk Tiffany.
Okay, great. I confirmed
we're meeting with her tonight.
Now, did you read her bio?
No, but I heard from a source
that she loves diamonds,
so I'm thinking we could slip
a little tennis bracelet
on her wrist
to seal the deal.
Okay, that's one way to go.
But is there anything
that we would like to know
about her as, like, a...
like, an actual person?
Is that a tanning bed?
Don't worry about it.
What is there to know?
I mean, she's the best there is,
and by the end of the night,
I will have the best
streaming service
and the best surrogate, and
Blake can choke on his sexism.
Is that what this has all
been about?
What, so you can prove to Blake
that you can do it all?
Fallon, you don't need
to prove anything to anybody.
Everyone knows that you kick ass
when it comes to business.
Well, why can't I kick ass at
finding the best surrogate, too?
You will.
Okay, we will.
But, honey,
this isn't business.
Okay, the-the agency
isn't out to get you.
Is it possible
they sent Stacey
because they thought
that she was
the best fit for us?
I guess it's possible.
Hey.
Look, we can say no to Stacey
if you think she's wrong,
but I'm-I'm pretty sure
that we both liked her.
And I trust our instincts, okay?
Not some Buckhead Barbie
who probably
can't even spell "surrogate."
(laughs)
But we need to decide
on this together.
Not as CEOs but as parents.
Okay.
(lively jazz playing)
Hi.
What are you doing here?
I just needed to apologize
as soon as I could.
I should have believed you.
And Adam's the one
that was behind
all of this insanity.
Adam? Why?
He's trying to break us up,
just for payback.
But he messed up
by sending those flowers.
He knew
they were my favorite roses.
Okay, well, as a lawyer,
I can honestly say that
none of this is proof of guilt.
True. Which is why
I went to the florist
and bribed her to tell me
who sent the flowers.
The money came from the
Carrington account. It was Adam.
I never should have doubted you.
Yeah, I-I didn't love that,
to be honest.
I was so insecure because
you want to keep us a secret.
But now I get it, and I agree.
And I also need to get out
of here before anyone sees me,
especially Alexis. Okay.
Wait. Um...
Hello, everyone.
For those that don't know me,
my name's Amanda Carrington, and
on this happy day,
I would like everyone to know
that I am in a wonderful,
committed relationship
with Kirby Anders.
What?!
(applause and cheering)
Nice try.
(glass clinking)
ADAM:
And, um, while we're, uh,
sharing great news, um,
I would like to announce that
I've developed a groundbreaking
anti-aging serum
that's basically
the fountain of youth.
Cool.
FALLON:
And Liam and I have found
our surrogate.
Yes! Her name is Stacey,
and she is going
to help us usher in
the next generation
of Carrington greatness.
(whooping, applause)
I thought this was private.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It just felt like the right time
to jump in. (sighs)
(jazz piano playing)
(sighs)
Big day for the whole family,
it seems.
Mm. I am so sorry.
And to top it off, your father
is back to not liking me.
Yeah, I saw him leave.
But I don't care.
(sighs)
What if he's right?
We've only been married
for three hours,
and already I got in
a fight with Dominique,
my ex-husband told
my father-in-law
that I am an alcoholic,
and all of my children
are narcissists.
You probably want
an annulment.
Do you have any idea how boring
my family was growing up?
Oh. Yours is a breath
of fresh air.
Always has been.
Do you remember those Carrington
Atlantic holiday parties
Blake threw every year?
Oh, my God,
talk about boring.
True.
Except for one year,
when a certain someone showed up
in a sexy Santa outfit
and led a conga line
throughout the entire office.
Me?
You.
I fell in love with you
that day, Alexis.
And I knew you were exactly
the woman I wanted to be with.
And now here we are.
So, as far as I'm concerned,
the more chaos, the better.
Bring it on.
BLAKE:
I cannot wait
to get home.
Yeah. I know.
My feet are killing me.
(elevator bell dings)
Six hours at my ex-wife's
wedding is killing me.
Hello, Blake.
What the hell are
you doing here?
Blake, who is this?
I should've known.
You destroyed the family crest
and sent it to me, didn't you?
Bastard.
(groans)
CRISTAL:
Wait.
I don't understand.
What is going on?
Who are you?
Not bad.
You must be Cristal.
Where are my manners?
I'm Ben Carrington,
Blake's brother.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org